There is a users guide at the wiki:

http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/lemonpos/

For use you need:

  * Start lemon
  * Login as an user, the only one after installation is "admin" with password "linux".
  * Start operations
     -enter the requiered data (admin's password and money quantity to deposit at the cash drawer).
  * Add items to the list, by entering de code with the keyboard, scanning code with the barcode scanner,
    selecting products from the products grid or searching products from the search page.
  * When last item is entered, select payment method (cash, card), and enter the amount paid
    and press enter. After a few seconds, a new transaction will be initiated.
  * Repeat the process until the end of the day or clerk's turn is over. Then you can make a balance for him/her.
    When asking for the money to deposit in the cash-drawer, enter the quantity if you want to start again with the
    same user, or press ESC to cancell and press Login button to enter as a different user.
    Repeat the process from the 2nd or 3rd step as requiered.
  
  
Note:
   Until now, if you do not have a printer, the program hangs (waiting the printer to finish).
   The program searches for a printer at /dev/lp0 -the default configuration-. 
   You can configure another location for your device, changing these device file at the printer
   configuration section of lemon.
   The device file must have lp group. Also your  user (which runs lemon) has to be member 
   of lp group. See udev documentation for more details regarding device permissions.
   
   If you have a different printer brand/model, please test it and send me any comments about.
   
   For the moment, by default lemon is configured to do not print a ticket, but if you have one
   enable it at the preferences dialog under the printer section.
   

For administration backend, run "squeeze". You will be asked for admin's password.

   By default, security is disabled, this to let you configure squeeze database settings in case
   you have installed the database server at a different computer.

   There is a quick information section to show you some basic data of sales, profit, most sold 
   products and products near sold-out. All represented in a graphical way.
   
   With squeeze you can modify, insert and delete products, users, clients, offers, categories, 
   weights and measures. There is also a purchase option at "Stock Movements, Check-in" to enter
   products that were purchased to the database.
   
   You can also view other records such as Transactions and Balances. For now, it is limited only
   to view it, not modify it.
